			The Warcraft Unit Editor

1.  What This Utility Changes
2.  Creation and Configuration
3.  Bug Report


WHAT THIS UTILITY CHANGES

This utility will allow Warcraft owners to alter numerous characteristics of 
every unit in the game.  We strove to make as many of the game aspects able 
to be edited as possible through this program. Although not every change was 
possible,  players will be able to edit the following aspects within the game:

1.  Edit Men
2.  Edit Buildings
3.  Edit Spells
4.  Edit Technology


1.  Edit Men
    Attack Range:  This is the range that your units can attack.  
    This can only be edited if the unit has an initial ranged attack 
    (archers, spearmen, etc.)
	
    Armor Points:  This is the amount of armor each unit has.  
    Armor stops damage before it reaches the target.
	
    Hit Points:  This is the amount of damage a unit can sustain before dying.

    Minimum Damage:  This is the amount of damage that a unit will ALWAYS do 
    regardless of armor.
	
    Random Damage: This is the potential amount of damage that the units 
    attack can do.
	
    Time to Build:  This is the time increments that each unit takes to train.
    
    Gold Cost:  This is the amount of gold that the unit costs to train.
    
    Lumber Cost: This is the amount of lumber that the unit costs to train.
    
    Decay Rate:  This is how long summoned creatures remain in play before 
    taking damage.

2.  Edit Buildings
    Armor Points:  The amount of armor that each building has. 
    Armor stops damage before it reaches the target.
	
    Hit Points:  This is the amount of damage a building can sustain 
    before being destroyed.
	
    Time to Build:  This is the time increments that each building takes 
    to construct.
	
    Gold Cost:  This is the amount of gold that the building costs 
    to construct.
	
    Lumber Cost: This is the amount of lumber that the building costs 
    to construct.

3.  Edit Spells
    Range: This is the range that your spells can be cast.  
    This can only be edited if the spell has an initial range 
    (cloud of poison, rain of fore, etc.)

4.  Edit Technology
    Time to Research:  This is the time increments that each technology 
    takes to upgrade.

CREATION AND CONFIGURATION

When you have made edits to your units and buildings, you will have the 
options to load configuration, save configuration, and Configure WAR_HACK.EXE 
with current settings.

Load Configuration:  This is for saved WAR_HACK configurations that you wish 
to further edit.

Save Configuration:  This is to save a WAR_HACK configuration for later 
editing.

Configure WAR_HACK.EXE with current settings:  This is to save a WAR_HACK 
Configuration for use within a Warcraft game.

Note:  Both WAR_HACK.EXE files must be (A) configured identically for 
two-player games.  If the files are incompatible, you will receive an 
"Incorrect Version Number" message.  Make sure that the two versions of 
WAR_HACK.EXE have the same changes to units, buildings, spells and 
technologies in them.

BUG REPORT  

If you edit Warcraft so that the Hit Points are at maximum for a unit type, 
save the game, and then re-edit so that those units have less hit points, 
some of the originally edited units MAY have an incorrect HP bar, in that it 
will be longer than normal.  The statistics that have changed will be correct, 
and this bug is only a cosmetic flaw that does not affect game play.


Blizzard plans to electronically release the Warcraft Unit Editor in January
of 1995 through America On-line, CompuServe, Internet and the Blizzard IceNet.
This utility will be offered FREE to fans of the real time Fantasy/Strategy
hit Warcraft: Orcs and Humans as a response to their desires to take elements
of the game design into their own hands. Blizzard Entertainment looks forward
to offering continued support and service of their products that meets the
needs and desires of their customers.  Please feel free to distribute this 
program to other Warcraft players.
